I just let go of Mu Qianxue
The lie has been exposed
What else do you use to say?
Sima Changfeng
I gave you a chance
Stop talking nonsense with me
Brat, do you know
The Ye family is the largest family in Qinzhou
Take charge of Wanbin's life
I advise you.
Or hurry up and stay a little farther away from Miss Mu Qianxue
You know?
You can't touch the woman Ye's hand likes.
So oops hahaha
Ye Dasheng, look at this person
It's just arrogant
Hey, do you know that this Ye family is Qinzhou's heaven?
God
There is still a god
If your Ye family is really Qingzhou's heaven
Then I am the sky outside Lincang
Do you want to kill President Mu?
Even if you are not stupid now
Then what can you do for Mr. Mu?
Do you understand?
Only Ye Shao
It is Mr. Mu's Liang Pei
Shut up Yuqian
I don't want to hear that from you again
Mr. Mu, I am all for your own good
If it weren't for me
The Cangxue Group has been divided among the eight families
Do you still have a chance to speak here?
Ye Shao
I will repay you for your kindness to Cangxue Group
But there is absolutely no way I will marry you
Mu Qianxue, don't be shameless
I can save the Cangxue Group
You can also kill Cangxue Group